a SPEC INDEFT SUBJ
b. SPEC INDF OBJ
c. Ind SPEC OBJ
d. Inf SPEC sub

It appeared that: 1, 4, 9, 13, 15
it looked like: 2, 3 7 10

1a: I walked into the room and saw the nanny with a man. It appeared that she had just put the baby to bed.
1b: I walked into the room and saw the nanny with a man. It appeared that he  had just put the baby to bed.
1c: I walked into the room and saw a man with the nanny. It appeared that he had just put the baby to bed.
1d: I walked into the room and saw a man with the nanny. It appeared that she had just put the baby to bed.

2a: We entered the hospital room and found a small boy holding onto the nurse. It looked like he was very upset.
2b: We entered the hospital room and found a small boy holding onto the nurse. It looked like she was very upset.
2c: We entered the hospital room and found the nurse holding onto a small boy. It looked like she was very upset.
2d: We entered the hospital room and found the nurse holding onto a small boy. It looked like he was very upset.

3a. When I got to the kitchen, I saw the maid yelling at a man. It seemed that she had just discovered a mouse in one of the cupboards.
3b. When I got to the kitchen, I saw the maid yelling at a man. It seemed that he had just discovered a mouse in one of the cupboards.
3c. When I got to the kitchen, I saw a man yelling at the maid. It seemed that he had just discovered a mouse in one of the cupboards.
3d. When I got to the kitchen, I saw a man yelling at the maid. It seemed that she had just discovered a mouse in one of the cupboards.

4a: At the end of the concert the rock star waved at a woman. It appeared that he had really enjoyed the show. 
4b: At the end of the concert the rock star waved at a woman. It appeared that she had really enjoyed the show.
4c: At the end of the concert a woman waved at the rock star. It appeared that she had really enjoyed the show.
4d: At the end of the concert a woman waved at the rock star. It appeared that he had really enjoyed the show.

5a: I arrived at the café and discovered the waitress talking to a little boy. It looked like she was looking for someone.
5b: I arrived at the café and discovered the waitress talking to a little boy. It looked like he was looking for someone.
5c: I arrived at the café and discovered a little boy talking to the waitress. It looked like he was looking for someone.
5d: I arrived at the café and discovered a little boy talking to the waitress. It looked like she was looking for someone.

6a: We got to the wedding and found the rabbi talking with a woman. It seemed like he was explaining some of the details of the ceremony.
6b: We got to the wedding and found the rabbi talking with a woman. It seemed like she was explaining some of the details of the ceremony.
6c: We got to the wedding and found a woman talking with the rabbi. It seemed like she was explaining some of the details of the ceremony.
6d: We got to the wedding and found a woman talking with the rabbi. It seemed like he was explaining some of the details of the ceremony.

7a. When we got to the scene of the accident, we found the female police officer talking to a man. It appeared that she was explaining the situation.
7b. When we got to the scene of the accident, we found the female police officer talking to a man. It appeared that he was explaining the situation.
7c. When we got to the scene of the accident, we found a man talking to the female police officer. It appeared that he was explaining the situation.
7d. When we got to the scene of the accident, we found a man talking to the female police officer. It appeared that she was explaining the situation.

8a. The first scene of the movie was the cowboy talking to a woman.  It looked like he was asking for directions.
8b. The first scene of the movie was the cowboy talking to a woman.  It looked like she was asking for directions.
8c. The first scene of the movie was a woman talking to the cowboy.  It looked like she was asking for directions.
8d. The first scene of the movie was a woman talking to the cowboy.  It looked like he was asking for directions.

9a. Before the show I noticed the ballerina smiling at a man. It seemed like she was really happy to be there.
9b. Before the show I noticed the ballerina smiling at a man. It seemed like he was really happy to be there.
9c. Before the show I noticed a man smiling at the ballerina. It seemed like he was really happy to be there
9d. Before the show I noticed a man smiling at the ballerina. It seemed like she was really happy to be there

10a. On the first day of boot camp we noticed the drill sergeant with a little girl. It appeared that he had been hoping to discuss the day's activities.
10b. On the first day of boot camp we noticed the drill sergeant with a little girl. It appeared that she had been hoping to discuss the day's activities.
10c. On the first day of boot camp we noticed a little girl with the drill sergeant. It appeared that she had been hoping to discuss the day's activities.
10d. On the first day of boot camp we noticed a little girl with the drill sergeant. It apppeared that he had been hoping to discuss the day's activities.

11a. In the corner of the convent I saw the nun holding the hand of a boy.  It looked like as if she was telling a story.
11b. In the corner of the convent I saw the nun holding the hand of a boy.  It looked like as if he was telling a story.
11c. In the corner of the convent I saw a boy holding the hand of the nun.  It looked like as if he was telling a story.
11d. In the corner of the convent I saw a boy holding the hand of the nun.  It looked like as if she was telling a story.

12a. After the race was over I saw the jockey with a little girl. It seemed like he had found a scarf on the ground.
12b. After the race was over I saw the jockey with a little girl. It seemed like she had found a scarf on the ground.
12c. After the race was over I saw a little girl with the jockey. It seemed like she had found a scarf on the ground.
12d. After the race was over I saw a little girl with the jockey. It seemed like he had found a scarf on the ground.
			
13a. At the award ceremony I noticed the actress waving at a little boy. It appeared that she was also looking for someone else.
13b. At the award ceremony I noticed the actress waving at a little boy. It appeared that he was also looking for someone else.
13c. At the award ceremony I noticed a little boy waving at the actress. It appeared that he was also looking for someone else.
13d. At the award ceremony I noticed a little boy waving at the actress. It appeared that she was also looking for someone else.

14a: After the fire was over we discovered the fire chief with a girl. It looked like he had lost something during the evacuation. 
14b: After the fire was over we discovered the fire chief with a girl. It looked like she had lost something during the evacuation.
14c: After the fire was over we discovered a girl with the fire chief. It looked like she had lost something during the evacuation.
14d: After the fire was over we discovered a girl with the fire chief. It looked like he had lost something during the evacuation.

15a. As everybody arrived for the royal concert, they saw the queen with a small boy. It seemed like she was carrying a violin.
15b. As everybody arrived for the royal concert, they saw the queen with a small boy. It seemed like he was carrying a violin.
15c. As everybody arrived for the royal concert, they saw a small boy with the queen. It seemed like he was carrying a violin.
15d. As everybody arrived for the royal concert, they saw a small boy with the queen. It seemed like she was carrying a violin.

16a. At the end of the church service, I noticed the priest talking to a girl. It appeared that he was just about to burst into tears.
16b. At the end of the church service, I noticed the priest talking to a girl. It appeared that she was just about to burst into tears.
16c. At the end of the church service, I noticed a girl talking to the priest. It appeared that she was just about to burst into tears.
16d. At the end of the church service, I noticed a girl talking to the priest. It appeared that he was just about to burst into tears.

